•	What is the overall IT strategy of the organization?  
o	Our purpose is to help people achieve lifelong well-being and to make health easier, for everyone. Together, we put Health First.
IT plays a critical role in enabling Humana's Strategy to create sustainable, long-term customer value.
 Our goal is to deliver personalized, simple experiences, and superior health outcomes as a company.

•	How does this strategy align with the overall strategy? 
o	IT starts with Humana Corporate’s overarching strategic priorities, then crafts Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) to ensure that we will be helping to achieve those strategies. 
Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) are a collaborative goalsetting and assessment framework that bridge the gap between long-term planning and short-term execution.
"Humana has adopted an Objectives and Key Results (OKR) framework to connect shared objectives to outcomes and impact with clear methodology. 
In IT, this is even more important because many of our goals are dependent on cross-functional teams collaborating with one another. 
Often we find teams working in silos or on daily task details that they could easily lose track of the bigger “why” of their efforts. 
With OKRs, we are able to articulate and maintain focus on the impact of the work. We will also be able to better link our deliverables to one another, 
as well as to Humana’s overarching strategic priorities.
In alignment, the IT organization established the IT OKR Maturity Initiative to realize our vision for the
 IT organization – to be able to articulate value delivered to the business through strategic priorities. Learn more by viewing the information and resources provided."

•	How often is this reviewed?
o	OKRs are reviewed quarterly to ensure we are on track, they are updated annually. 
•	Does the firm have an innovative culture as it relates to IT? 
o	Humana, Inc. 

•	Would the beneficiaries and partners agree that IT innovation is an essential part of their culture? 
o	I believe so

•	Does the org tend to be followers or leaders in relation to their competition as it pertains to IT?
o	IT plays a critical role in enabling Humana's Strategy to create sustainable, long-term customer value. Our goal is to deliver personalized, simple experiences, and superior health outcomes as a company.
o	Humana strives to be an IT leader in our industry by keeping apprised of new technologies, as well as monitoring our competitors’ offerings.  
•	To what extent is security a big issue for the org? 
o	Security plays a very important role for both HGB IT and Humana, Inc. IT.  Both entities have contracts with the Federal & Local Governments (HGB’s contract is with the Defense Health Agency and Humana, Inc’s contracts are with Medicare and Medicaid) which specifically identify required security measures. 
o	Additionally, due to the nature of the sensitive data we are responsible for, health Insurance is a highly regulated industry with requirements that must be met – regardless of who we have contracts with – like HIPAA rules to protect beneficiary information.  
